[camera shutters clicking]
c0000001
- I am terribly sorry that
my actions have caused such
c0000002
a commotion lately.
c0000003
- What kind of person
is this boyfriend?
c0000004
- And how did the two
of you end up dating?
c0000005
- He attends the same
high school as me
c0000006
and happens to be
a year younger.
c0000007
He confessed his love
to me in front
c0000008
of the whole school and he--
c0000009
- Miss Mai, excuse me, but your
face seems to have turned red.
c0000010
- I'm talking about
my first boyfriend here,
c0000011
and it's in front of all kinds
of different people and camera.
c0000012
I think anyone would
be embarrassed in my shoes.
c0000013
[both laughing]
c0000014
- [grunts]
- This was an important
c0000015
movie production announcement
c0000016
but it's turned into this.
c0000017
I've caused trouble
for the director
c0000018
and my costars.
I'm truly sorry.
c0000019
- The producer said thanks
to this he won't need
c0000020
to do advertising himself
so there's no problem.
c0000021
- [gasps]
[all laughing]
c0000022
Actually, my boyfriend's
a big part of the reason
c0000023
I chose to continue
with showbiz.
c0000024
If I had never met him,
c0000025
I don't believe I would have hd
the opportunity
c0000026
to appear on camera
like this again.
c0000027
I don't mind you trying to peer
into my own private life,
c0000028
but he's an ordinary guy who
didn't sign up for all this.
c0000029
I ask you to respect his privay
if at all possible, please.
c0000030
- Nice. Just way too cool!
[cat meows]
c0000031
- Secretly taking pictures
and shamelessly putting
c0000032
them online without consent
isn't something
c0000033
that ever happens
in this country,
c0000034
so you're fine.
- [laughing]
c0000035
- Kaede needs to do her best
for big brother as well.
c0000036
- [singing in Japanese]
c0000037
[The Peggies' "Kimi no sei"]
c0000038
♪ ♪
c0000039
c0000040
♪ ♪
c0000041
- I'm glad it didn't turn into
as big of an ordeal
c0000042
as I thought it would.
c0000043
It's all thanks to what
c0000044
the director said.
c0000045
- I mean, sure, there's that,
c0000046
but I think it's mostly because
you handled the press conference
c0000047
with so much grace.
c0000048
Your reactions were pure.
c0000049
You were really adorable.
c0000050
How did I get so lucky?
c0000051
Having you
as my girlfriend makes me
c0000052
the world's happiest guy.
c0000053
- Well, of course it does but
once the movie starts filming,
c0000054
I'll be crazy busy again.
c0000055
- Even then it won't
change how I feel.
c0000056
I really don't think there's
any guy out there
c0000057
that's happier than me.
c0000058
Hey, what about you?
c0000059
- You know what, Sakuta?
c0000060
- Yeah, what is it?
c0000061
- I bet that you don't actually
know how in love with you I am.
c0000062
- [grunts]
Nah.
c0000063
There's no way
I don't love you more.
c0000064
- Yeah, yeah. I'll just let
you believe that for now.
c0000065
See you later, then.
c0000066
- [exhales]
c0000067
Hmm?
c0000068
[gasps]
c0000069
[cat purrs]
Come to think of it,
c0000070
Makinohara hasn't
been around lately, huh?
c0000071
Kaede's a little worried
about her, too.
c0000072
And Hayate seems kinda lonely.
c0000073
- The fact that she signed
her name "Shoko-san" means
c0000074
that this letter wasn't written
by
c0000075
the middle
school-aged Makinohara.
c0000076
Which means it has to be...
c0000077
Hey, Futaba.
c0000078
- Azusagawa,
how many times is this?
c0000079
- I didn't come seeking council
for puberty syndrome this time.
c0000080
Well, actually, it might be kind
of adjacent to it, but...
c0000081
- Hmm?
c0000082
- It's a letter I got
from Shoko-san.
c0000083
- And when is this "tomorrow?"
c0000084
- Today, I think.
c0000085
- Did you say anything
to Sakurajima yet?
c0000086
- I didn't.
c0000087
- So what you're asking me
for today is how
c0000088
to avoid getting
caught cheating?
c0000089
- No, of course not.
c0000090
Don't make weird presumptions.
c0000091
- Then why didn't you
just tell her?
c0000092
- Hmm. Well, how do you think I
should go about bringing it up?
c0000093
- Huh. It's strange
for you to worry
c0000094
about something like that
in the first place, though.
c0000095
Usually you'd tell her ASAP
so she's scold you
c0000096
since that's a reward
for you, right?
c0000097
- What kind of person
do you think I am?
c0000098
- A rascal who has
a masochistic streak.
c0000099
- Yeah, I shouldn't
have asked that.
c0000100
I guess it's like--
I feel like it's a bit unfair.
c0000101
- Unfair?
c0000102
- If the roles were reversed
with this,
c0000103
and she said she was planning
to go meet her first crush,
c0000104
it would definitely mess
with my head.
c0000105
- Sakurajima's not that kind
of person, though, right?
c0000106
She's the type that when
presented with a problem
c0000107
always faces it head-on.
c0000108
- That's true.
[cell phone vibrating]
c0000109
Hey, what have you been doing
this whole time?
c0000110
- You're being
unfathomably tedious
c0000111
so I've been texting
your girlfriend
c0000112
everything you've said.
- What?
c0000113
- She said she'll be right over.
c0000114
- Hold on! Hey!
- So, yeah. Enjoy.
c0000115
- Thanks for the info, Futaba.
- No problem. 'Scuse me.
c0000116
[door slides closed]
c0000117
- So, Sakuta.
c0000118
- Hey. Yes, what is it?
c0000119
- Think you could get back home
by 6:00 o'clock?
c0000120
- Huh?
- I'll come over and make dinner
c0000121
for you.
- Y--uh, yes.
c0000122
I think I can get back by then.
c0000123
- Good. I'll swing by your place
around that time.
c0000124
- [groans]
c0000125
So, uh, is that all, Mai?
c0000126
- What's this? You want me
to act all jealous or something?
c0000127
- Well, there's that, but--
c0000128
- I don't know exactly how
to put this into words,
c0000129
but I can't say that
I'm not curious, too.
c0000130
Shoko-san and Shoko-chan--
c0000131
how can you not wonder
how they're related?
c0000132
- So that's why
you're forgiving me.
c0000133
Is that right?
c0000134
- She is the person
who supported you
c0000135
when you were going through
that depression.
c0000136
So for me it's that
I don't want you to have
c0000137
some weird
lingering regret about her.
c0000138
Though I find none of this fun.
c0000139
- [grunts]
c0000140
- Have any thoughts?
c0000141
- Hey, Mai!
I love you!
c0000142
- You're embarrassing me!
Stop it!
c0000143
Show me how sincere you
are in a different way!
c0000144
- Okay, I
will.
c0000145
Ow, what was that for?
c0000146
- Explain to me why I should
have to kiss a boyfriend
c0000147
that is about to go meet up
with his previous crush.
c0000148
- I thought you just gave me
permission to do that earlier.
c0000149
- This is this
and that is that.
c0000150
I might allow it but I won't let
it be that easy.
c0000151
[school bell ringing]
c0000152
- Well, as I promised, I will
definitely make sure to be home
c0000153
by 6:00 o'clock.
c0000154
- [gasps]
- [grunts]
c0000155
Hello.
- Uh, do you remember me?
c0000156
I'm Kotomi Kano,
c0000157
one of Kae's
childhood friends.
c0000158
- Oh.
c0000159
- How 'bout chatting
somewhere else?
c0000160
- I'm so sorry.
c0000161
I'm sure I'm troubling you
showing up so suddenly.
c0000162
- No, don't even worry about it.
You're totally fine.
c0000163
Uh, Mai, it's terribly hard
for me to ask this, but--
c0000164
- [exhales sharply]
c0000165
Yes, I'll go to the beach
for you.
c0000166
Since I know Shoko-chan,
I'd recognize her easily, right?
c0000167
- Yes, it shouldn't be hard.
c0000168
- I'm so sorry for interrupting
your plans.
c0000169
- It's okay.
Question, though.
c0000170
How'd you figure out which
high school I go to?
c0000171
- Well, I--I saw you in
a magazine.
c0000172
- Oh.
c0000173
- I was trying to forget
this whole time.
c0000174
- Ah?
- Such terrible things happened
c0000175
to Kae and I couldn't
do anything to help.
c0000176
Soon after the two
of you moved away together.
c0000177
- [grunts]
- And then once you were gone,
c0000178
the bullying against Kae became
a huge problem at school.
c0000179
The girls who bullied her
were ostracized for it.
c0000180
Everyone started telling them
they should disappear
c0000181
or just die.
c0000182
So eventually those girls
stopped coming to school, too.
c0000183
It started to feel like
we all defeated the villain
c0000184
and it was finally over.
c0000185
- I see.
- But still, I--
c0000186
I wasn't able to do anything
for Kae.
c0000187
I couldn't protect her from it.
c0000188
All I did was worry about her.
c0000189
- It's not your fault.
c0000190
You couldn't really do anything
c0000191
from the classroom next door.
c0000192
- So, uh...
c0000193
Has Kae been doing well?
c0000194
- Yeah, she has.
c0000195
Though she loves our house
so much,
c0000196
she can't bring herself
to leave it.
c0000197
- [groans]
c0000198
- There's no reason to dwell
on it, Kano.
c0000199
- Is it possible for me
to see Kae?
c0000200
- [grunts]
c0000201
It might confuse her.
c0000202
- Sorry, Mai.
Here now.
c0000203
- Where's the girl?
c0000204
- I took her to
the train station.
c0000205
- Then I guess I'm done.
I'll head back first.
c0000206
- I'll go home now, too.
c0000207
- You aren't going to wait
for Shoko-san?
c0000208
- The sun is setting soon.
c0000209
So even if she showed,
I probably wouldn't notice.
c0000210
- As long as you're okay
with it,
c0000211
I'm okay with it.
- [exhales sharply]
c0000212
But I guess I should tell her
what I've been wanting
c0000213
to tell her.
c0000214
- [chuckles]
c0000215
[door creaks]
- Big brother!
c0000216
- Dinner's gonna be
a little later.
c0000217
Mai is going to be coming over
to cook for us tonight.
c0000218
- Her meals are always tasty.
I'm looking forward to it!
c0000219
But before Kaede can think
about that,
c0000220
she has an important
announcement to make.
c0000221
- Uh?
c0000222
- Ta-dah!
c0000223
- Hmm.
c0000224
What am I looking at?
c0000225
- These are all of Kaede's goals
for this year.
c0000226
- We're gonna mingle?
- We will indeed.
c0000227
- Hey, Kaede.
c0000228
- What is it?
c0000229
- Isn't there anything
that doesn't involve me?
c0000230
- Yeah, here.
This one.
c0000231
- [grunts]
c0000232
[gasps]
c0000233
- Well, big brother?
c0000234
What do you think?
c0000235
- First off, don't you have
too many goals?
c0000236
There's only two and a half
months left in the year.
c0000237
Also, the leap between answering
the phone and going to school
c0000238
is too big.
Best not to overdo it.
c0000239
- Yeah, good point.
Hmm.
c0000240
Stepping outside might be
a bit too hard right now.
c0000241
- In the meantime,
c0000242
how about coming up
with some goals
c0000243
that make you actually want
to go out?
c0000244
- Can you give me an example?
- Let's see.
c0000245
Like going to see pandas?
c0000246
- Pandas?
You mean like giant pandas?
c0000247
- We could also go see
the lesser pandas
c0000248
if you want to.
- I wanna see 'em all!
c0000249
[giggles]
Perfect!
c0000250
Now Kaede feels going outside
is possible!
c0000251
[chomping]
c0000252
The yellow tail's so juicy!
c0000253
You're such a good cook, Mai.
Amazing!
c0000254
- If you put in the practice,
c0000255
you'll be able to make
it like this as well.
c0000256
- You think so?
c0000257
[phone ringing]
[gasps]
c0000258
- Azusagawa residence.
c0000259
- Um, it's Makinohara.
Good evening.
c0000260
- Hi. Good evening to you.
c0000261
- I wanted to apologize.
c0000262
I'm sorry that it took me
so long to get back to you
c0000263
after you called me yesterday.
c0000264
- No worries.
c0000265
I just had something I wanted
c0000266
to confirm with you.
c0000267
Uh, Makinohara, did you happen
to put a letter in our mailbox?
c0000268
- A letter? No.
- I see. All good, then.
c0000269
You haven't been
coming over much.
c0000270
Have you been okay?
- Yes. I'm sorry.
c0000271
I've left Hayate in your care
for all this time, too.
c0000272
- Did something happen?
- No.
c0000273
I just haven't been feeling
very well lately.
c0000274
I'll start visiting again once
I'm feeling a bit better.
c0000275
- [grunts]
That sounds good.
c0000276
- U--um, big brother?
- Hmm?
c0000277
- If Shoko calls us on
the house phone again,
c0000278
then can Kaede pick
it up next time?
c0000279
- Sure. That's fine.
- Kaede, you want to answer it?
c0000280
- Yes. That is one
of Kaede's goals!
c0000281
- You're serious.
Did something happen?
c0000282
- Kaede came to a realization.
c0000283
If she isn't able to live
on her own one day,
c0000284
big brother will never be able
to marry in his whole life.
c0000285
- You care to elaborate?
c0000286
-
Because whoever marries
big brother will also get Kaede.
c0000287
It's a two-for-one combo!
- [grunts]
c0000288
I'm certain that Mai will
be happy to have you.
c0000289
- It's true. I wouldn't mind
having you around at all.
c0000290
But then again, I think you
wanting to be independent
c0000291
is a good thing.
c0000292
Do you want
to practice answering
c0000293
the phone with me right now?
- [gasps]
c0000294
[gasping]
c0000295
[phone rings]
[gasps]
c0000296
- It's okay.
It's Mai.
c0000297
- [gasps]
Okay.
c0000298
[whimpering]
c0000299
[gasps]
c0000300
A--Azusagawa here!
c0000301
- Congratulations, Kaede.
c0000302
You did so good.
c0000303
- Hey, big brother!
It worked!
c0000304
- Hello? Kaede,
can you hear me over there?
c0000305
- Y--Yes! Loud and clear!
c0000306
- Looks like you'll be able
to answer calls for me now.
c0000307
- I'm proud of you.
Good job.
c0000308
- [gasps]
- Kaede!
c0000309
- It's no big deal.
c0000310
[both gasping]
c0000311
She has a fever.
c0000312
- Sorry. I pushed you
to do too much.
c0000313
- Oh, no.
Thanks to your help,
c0000314
Kaede was able to complete one
of her big goals already.
c0000315
At this pace going outside may
be possible tomorrow, too!
c0000316
- Yeah, maybe so.
c0000317
- Then we could go see
the pandas.
c0000318
[giggles]
c0000319
[breathing deeply
c0000320
[dramatic piano music]
c0000321
♪ ♪
c0000322
[groaning]
- [gasps]
c0000323
[gasps]
c0000324
- [breathing deeply]
c0000325
- [gasps]
c0000326
[waves lapping]
c0000327
- Here's what I think, Sakuta.
c0000328
Life's purpose is to help
us learn to become kinder.
c0000329
- Be kinder?
What do you mean?
c0000330
- The way that I live my life
is hoping that each day
c0000331
that goes by I can say I'm
a slightly kinder person today
c0000332
than I was yesterday.
c0000333
[distant birds chirping]
c0000334
- [grunts]
c0000335
[exhales]
c0000336
- Sakuta.
- [gasps]
c0000337
- Is something wrong?
c0000338
- Not really.
c0000339
I was just trying to come up
with a plan on how we
c0000340
could make use
of your feminine charm
c0000341
to gather more customers while
it's dead in here.
c0000342
- Yeah, right.
You're terrible at lying.
c0000343
If you're bored,
help me over here.
c0000344
With the beer tank.
- Sure thing.
c0000345
- Here we go, then.
c0000346
Let's lift it up with
a hi-ho hee!
c0000347
- Huh?
- [grunts]
c0000348
Ah, why didn't you pick it up?
c0000349
- Oh, it's just that you cast
that weird spell right before.
c0000350
Something about a hoe, I think?
c0000351
- Uh, do people not say that
in Tokyo?
c0000352
- And not in Kanagawa, either.
c0000353
- No way!
c0000354
Wait, what do I do?
c0000355
I said it when I was on
cleaning duty with Nana!
c0000356
- It's pretty normal for
the country talk to slip out
c0000357
of you so I'm sure she's aware
of it already.
c0000358
Here we go now.
c0000359
But this time with a hi-ho.
c0000360
- You are seriously infuriating.
c0000361
- But, you know what?
c0000362
Getting to chat with you
really does cheer me up.
c0000363
- Don't say it in such
a monotone voice!
c0000364
Man, you really tick me off!
c0000365
[door creaks]
c0000366
- [gasps]
c0000367
- Oh, hi!
Welcome home!
c0000368
- Y--yeah.
Thank you.
c0000369
- Big brother really did
come home just this second!
c0000370
Like you said he would, Mai!
c0000371
Okay, I'll hand the phone over
to him, then.
c0000372
- Mai?
- Welcome home.
c0000373
I actually saw you on
the street.
c0000374
I'm standing on my veranda.
c0000375
Does Kaede seem like she's oka?
c0000376
- She looks like she's doing
a lot better than yesterday.
c0000377
- I see.
That's good.
c0000378
- Hey, Mai?
Thank you.
c0000379
For caring about her like this.
c0000380
- You shouldn't
overwork yourself, either.
c0000381
- Oh, I'll be all right.
c0000382
When things start to get
too tough for me,
c0000383
I'll just have you spoil me
and nurse me back to health.
c0000384
- I don't mind if that'd
be enough to cheer you up.
c0000385
- Aww, man. That really makes
me want to see you right now.
c0000386
- You can't.
I'm about to take a bath.
c0000387
- That only makes me want
to see you even more.
c0000388
- Grin and bear it for today.
c0000389
I think Kaede's going
to have another announcement
c0000390
for you, anyway.
- Hmm?
c0000391
- Big brother.
It is finally done.
c0000392
- That's something to celebrate.
c0000393
- Indubitably.
c0000394
- So what is it that's done?
c0000395
- The complete plan
to step outside!
c0000396
Ta-dah!
c0000397
- Hmm.
c0000398
Step one.
Change into cute clothing.
c0000399
Two, take a short break.
c0000400
Three, move
to the front entrance.
c0000401
Four, take a short break.
c0000402
Five, put shoes on.
c0000403
Six, take a short break.
c0000404
There are a lot of breaks, huh?
c0000405
- It's important to take
frequent breaks to recharge.
c0000406
- Seven, latch onto
big brother's back.
c0000407
Eight is replenish
big brother power.
c0000408
- Nine, and then head outside
together with big brother!
c0000409
Kaede also prepared some notes
for what to do
c0000410
in case of emergency.
c0000411
This plan is perfect.
c0000412
- Hmm.
c0000413
- You have so many!
- [chuckles]
c0000414
They're just pieces I've worn
from magazine shoots.
c0000415
- Oh, wow.
Thanks so much for this!
c0000416
Big brother! Look at all these
super cute clothes Mai
c0000417
was willing to give to Kaede!
c0000418
- Good for you. Nice.
c0000419
- Why don't you try them on?
c0000420
I think this one would
look great on you.
c0000421
- I dunno. Isn't it
a little too mature, though?
c0000422
- It's fine. See?
c0000423
- It's as if Kaede
is no longer Kaede!
c0000424
- If you want something
a bit more on the feminine side,
c0000425
you can go with this.
- It's feminine!
c0000426
- Hey, I'm home.
c0000427
[gasps]
c0000428
- Kaede would like
to try going out now.
c0000429
- [gasps]
c0000430
[grunts]
c0000431
All right.
Shall we?
c0000432
- Yes. And Kaede's finished
changing into cute clothes.
c0000433
- Did you take
a short break already?
c0000434
- Took a long one, actually.
c0000435
- Then next up are the shoes.
c0000436
Are they too tight?
c0000437
- It's just a very new kind
of feeling.
c0000438
[inhales and exhales deeply]
c0000439
Next is latching onto
big brother's back.
c0000440
- Right, you got it.
c0000441
- [gasps]
c0000442
- You're going to hold on
that tight?
c0000443
- Yes. This tight.
- [grunts]
c0000444
- Hey, Kaede.
- Yes?
c0000445
- What you're doing right now
c0000446
is replenishing
big brother power, right?
c0000447
- It's at 50%.
- How many more minutes?
c0000448
- Five more.
c0000449
- If you're scared, isn't
it okay if you just call
c0000450
it quits right here
for the time being?
c0000451
I mean, you were able
to put your shoes on.
c0000452
That's a lot to accomplish
in one day.
c0000453
- N--no way!
c0000454
Kaede is too scared to stop!
c0000455
She's scared of being stagnant
and stuck like this!
c0000456
Thinking about staying
this way forever is terrifying!
c0000457
- I see.
c0000458
- She loves this home very much
c0000459
and it's scary
to step outside, too.
c0000460
It's scary but not being able
c0000461
to ever leave here
makes her more...
c0000462
A whole lot more scared!
c0000463
- I see.
That makes sense.
c0000464
Kaede, I'm gonna open the door.
c0000465
- Okay.
c0000466
- [grunts]
c0000467
- Okay, can you see out?
c0000468
- Kaede's still too scared
so her eyes are shut.
c0000469
So no, she cannot.
c0000470
- That's good to know.
c0000471
Okay, then we'll go
really slowly.
c0000472
- [whimpers]
c0000473
B--big brother,
are we outside yet?
c0000474
- Still in the entryway.
c0000475
- [whimpers]
c0000476
- How about now, are we outside?
c0000477
- Still a ways to go.
c0000478
Just a little bit more, okay?
c0000479
- W--wait a sec!
c0000480
Big brother, no more, please!
Too much!
c0000481
Kaede wants to stop!
c0000482
It's a decade too early
for someone like Kaede
c0000483
to step outside!
[gasps]
c0000484
c0000485
[gasps]
c0000486
c0000487
Big brother?
c0000488
Isn't this--
- Yep, outside.
c0000489
- Th--then was this all
a part of your scheme?
c0000490
- Yeah, it was.
c0000491
- [whimpers]
Kaede is...
c0000492
[crying]
- Hey, Kaede.
c0000493
I'm so sorry
for tricking you like that.
c0000494
- Big brother!
Big brother, you--
c0000495
- I'm sorry.
I really am.
c0000496
- No! That's not it!
c0000497
That's not it!
c0000498
Kaede is...
c0000499
Kaede is outside!
c0000500
She's so happy that she made
it outside!
c0000501
[crying]
- [gasps]
c0000502
- [wailing]
c0000503
- Since then Kaede's been able
to venture further
c0000504
and further outside.
c0000505
The next day she made it
to the elevator.
c0000506
And the day after that she made
it to the building entrance
c0000507
on the first floor.
c0000508
It was smooth sailing
from there.
c0000509
She managed to eat over
at Mai's place
c0000510
and even hang out at
the local park.
c0000511
- Oh, Azusagawa.
c0000512
You sister-obsessed rascal.
c0000513
- What are you going on about?
c0000514
- A second-year high school boy
talking this much about
c0000515
his little sister
is ample reason
c0000516
to call him sister-obsessed.
- You think so?
c0000517
- Well, in any case,
I really am glad to hear it.
c0000518
- Thank you.
- By the way,
c0000519
have you had the chance to talk
to Sakurajima yet?
c0000520
- Huh? Talk about what?
c0000521
- The thing that's going on
with Kaede.
c0000522
- [grunts]
c0000523
- Ah, so you haven't.
c0000524
- You sure they don't
all think Kaede is weird?
c0000525
- You're totally fine.
c0000526
- Kaede feels
a few judgy glances
c0000527
in this direction, though.
c0000528
- That's probably because you've
c0000529
been latched onto me like
a koala bear.
c0000530
- Maybe, but if Kaede were
to let go,
c0000531
she would certainly die.
- [exhales]
c0000532
Kaede, look outside
the window behind you.
c0000533
- [grunts]
c0000534
- [gasps]
It's the ocean!
c0000535
Onigiri you eat outside
are really something else.
c0000536
- Yeah, they are.
c0000537
But it's more like the onigiri
c0000538
Mai makes are something else.
c0000539
- Just so you know,
c0000540
I was the one who made
c0000541
the salmon filling
you're eating.
c0000542
- No wonder they aren't as--
- Then don't eat 'em!
c0000543
[uplifting music]
c0000544
♪ ♪
c0000545
[both laughing]
c0000546
- [grunts]
c0000547
- [grunting]
c0000548
- Kae?
- [gasps]
c0000549
[gasps]
c0000550
- [gasps]
c0000551
- [whimpers]
c0000552
- You know her?
- [whimpers]
c0000553
Who is she?
c0000554
- [gasps]
c0000555
Kae? Hey, it's me.
Kotomi Kono.
c0000556
You don't remember?
c0000557
- N--no, sorry.
c0000558
Kaede doesn't.
c0000559
- [gasps]
c0000560
-
What's going on?
c0000561
- [grunts]
c0000562
[inhales deeply]
c0000563
Kaede, she--
she has no memories.
c0000564
[both gasping]
c0000565
- [singing in Japanese]
c0000566
["Fukashigi no Carte" plays]
c0000567
♪ ♪
c0000568
c0000569
- Oh, Sakuta.
You're such a rascal.